Added the AI-on-the-edge-device (#25222)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/electricity-grid.markdown

![Photo of Home Assistant Glow attached to an electricity meter](/images/docs/energy/home-assistant-glow.jpg)

#### Read the meter using an AI-on-the-edge-device

[AI-on-the-edge-device](https://github.com/jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device) is a project running on an ESP32-CAM and can be fully integrated into Home Assistant using the Home Assistant discovery functionality of MQTT. It digitalizes your gas/water/electricity meter display and provides its data in various ways. 

> <img src='/images/docs/energy/ai-on-the-edge-device.jpg' alt='AI-on-the-edge-device Workflow'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Photo of the AI-on-the-edge-device Workflow](/images/docs/energy/ai-on-the-edge-device.jpg)
```
